This lab was significantly challenging.  It pulled together almost all of the concepts presented in the first two labs.  I like how this lab forces students to manage their own memory; it made me think about how to re-assign variables in the grow() method so I would not leak memory.  I had to draw out the remove and grow methods for the queue in order to visualize how they should work.  Implimenting a circular queue was difficult, I was constantly considering where the front should be, and how to properly incriment it for remove or grow.  I spent a considerable amount of time in Debug mode trying to figure out how the grow method is supposed to copy over the values to the larger temporary array.  This lab will be good for students to see how abstractions work in C++; the header files are already written with helpful and descriptive comments, so students can see how a queue ADT is implimented as an ArrayQueue, and how their methods function to create the circular array based queue.  I like how this lab introduces exceptions as well.  I don't believe we did much exception handeling in Dr. Simko's class, especially not this early in the labs.  It is good to think about proper coding conventions at the beginning of learning a language, and this is excellent practice.

Questions:  I was confused by ArrayQueue's .ipp file type, I've never seen this before.  I could not get it to work when I first brought it into Visual Studio.  Is there a special reason for making this a .ipp as opposed to a .cpp?  I understand that a .ipp is supposed to be an implimentation file, I just dont understand the difference between the two.

Suggestions:  This lab was excellent, all of the comments were extremely helpful, the only one I found confusing was the exception for the add() method.  I ended up making a try catch block in my add() method for the call to the grow() method.  It will catch a bad_alloc exception if the array becomes too large for the amount of memory, not exactly sure if this is what you were looking for though.

I spent the most time on this lab compared to the others.  I spent extra time figuring out the problems with the .ipp file.  I spent around 10 hours completing this entire assignment, 4 of which were probably spent in debug mode trying to figure out problems with my remove() and grow() methods.